# Day to day analytical thinking process
This file will help you to track how the analysis was made day to day with the intention to share my thinking process and not only results. Hopefully I can improve this over time.

## Day 1
A month ago I published a [tweet](https://twitter.com/el_ianc/status/1269681875293003785) with my personal _data science pipeline_ but this time I'll start with an extra step: **strategy and planning**.

As the _[README](https://github.com/carian2996/getting-started-twitch/blob/master/README.md)_ file states **we'll be analyzing Twitch content and data generated by creators to help new users get a simpler way to introduce the platform**. 

Twitch can be an exciting platform but at the same time being so overwhelming. We'll analyze general concepts such as: categories, video features, viewers and more. This will give us a better sense of how content creators are sharing their work and what type of streams will engage more with us. Hopefully you won't be as lost as I was in my first days as Twitch user.

So, the first thing to worry about is defining the following concepts:

1. Life Path for New Users
2. It's All ABout Categories
3. Clips and Hosting
4. Partnership and Small Channels

### 1. Life Path for New Users
After signing up into Twitch the party begins. Not really, we need to set up a bunch of parameters so the platform can give us the first recommendations. And even with that those recommendation are not going to make a Twitch expert or ensure you gonna love the content.

A Verge's [article](https://www.theverge.com/2019/9/25/20883683/twitch-recommendation-algorithm-discover-new-streamers-category-please-help-me) said it one time: **_Discovering new streamers is like surfing live TV without a channel guide_**.

[Bijan Stephen](https://www.twitch.tv/bijanstephen) from Verge wrote in the article above: 

> _... it’s possible to find someone doing something you want to see — or, more realistically, something you didn’t know you needed in your life until the moment you stumbled on it. I get most of my recommendations from my constellation of too-online friends, and a lot of them are great; they know what I might like, and they’re usually right._

Unfortunately for me I didn't have to many "online friends" to give me recommendations but I spent so many hours watching new channels at multiple hours and days. You can not imagine the variety of people streaming on Tuesday at 3AM. People meditating Fridays at midday. Chess players reviewing amazing matches during weekend afternoons.

So, because I'm human (and also I need to do other things) I want to translate this _discovery process_ into something more robust and analytical. **My goal with all this is to facilitate the discovery and personalization for new users in Twitch**.

### 2. It's All About Categories
### 3. Clips and Hosting
### 4. Partnership and Small Channels

## Day 2
